please welcome coleus capital managing
partner zach coleus and ggv capital
investor tiffany luck
hey everybody um thanks for coming it
would is much better than if there was
no one here then actually we could quit
and start drinking so uh maybe if you
all leave then we can just fail and then
we'll be good to go um anyway thanks for
coming uh my name is zach uh
i'm tiffany
and um
uh we're here to talk about raising
capital in particular we're here to
discuss the often under discussed but
incredibly important topic of working
with people who are not the managing
partners at bc firms and so if you spend
any time raising money and i imagine a
bunch of you have you've had to deal
with these folks and we're going to kind
of walk you through a bunch of
strategies and ideas and thoughts and
feelings and all the stuff that we've
dealt with both from being on the
capital raising side and also on the
check writing side
i'm a early stage investor i invest in
early stage b2b software companies so
two people in an idea all the way up
through um you know they can get pretty
big but uh and i write checks anywhere
from five hundred thousand to five
million um tiffany is much more fancy
than i am so i'll let her introduce
myself herself but um
yeah we're excited to have you all here
yes thank you guys all for coming and
really no introduction needed after that
so thank you
uh i'm i'm tiffany i'm with ggv capital
we are a global vc firm have been around
since 2000 manage a little over nine
billion dollars invest all around the
world at all stages across technology
and super excited to be here today thank
you guys all for coming
and as zach said yeah we'll chat through
some of the different players in the
ecosystem
and talk a little bit about raising
capital
i love that she can say with the
straight face that they manage nine
billion dollars of capital i mean
literally like if you stack that money
up it would probably go to the moon like
it's just a huge congratulations thank
you yeah yeah um
they also have a really good podcast by
the way what's a podcast call again
there's several podcasts okay yes what's
the one hounds does uh there's there are
next billion okay that's a good one it's
very good yeah we also have founder real
talk to talk about with a lot of
founders talk about the actual grit of
building a company um i also host a
podcast called the future of where i
talk about all things the future holds
um especially talk a lot about uh
executive coaching which i'm a big fan
of
yeah i highly recommend it they uh
that nine billion dollars pays for a lot
of high quality production so it's
actually like a really good uh set of
podcasts so i highly recommend them um i
don't have a podcast not that cool um so
anyway today we're gonna talk about four
things uh and then we'll throw in some
other stuff just for fun
first we're going to discuss
working with dc associates um and we'll
kind of explain who they are and what
they are and what they do and really a
lot of ideas around working with them
they've got both
pluses and minuses it's it's uh working
with associates can be challenging if
you know what you're doing
it can be easy so it's all about going
into it the right strategies when you
work with associates then we're going to
talk about scouts uh relatively quickly
scouts are a relatively new thing but
there's lots and lots of them out there
now and they run around throwing around
the name of the vc firm that there's a
scout for and uh you really need to
understand where they fit in the
ecosystem uh then we'll quickly talk
about venture partners uh which is a
whole another brand of vc that's not
really a vc and you can kind of
understand how they work and then the
last thing we're going to discuss is
syndicates angels and other folks who
sort of orbit around the vc firms i
started my career running an angel
syndicate i still do i have 4 000 people
who invest with me on angel list and so
i've i've spent the last eight years
doing that and so it's it's something
that's near and dear to my heart um and
yeah if you guys have questions uh we
look forward to hearing them and uh yeah
hopefully this doesn't suck too much
okay perfect i think we can this is um
doesn't need to be said but you know
there are many players in the vc
ecosystem and so your entry point to
fundraising might be with any one of
these uh any one of these players um and
so i think you know we're right now just
trying to to give some advice around how
to think about maybe your first meeting
or first couple touch points when you're
raising capital
so vc associates and i think this
actually really goes to any first touch
point at a vc firm
because oftentimes investment teams can
be quite large
and you know you're talking with one
person first who's then going back and
relaying that information you know back
to their team
and so what you really want to do is
think how can i
package my story up how can i give good
highlight reels um how can i share
why why i'm excited with this one person
or you know one or two people i'm
chatting with who are then going to go
back to their firm
back to their broader team
who who may or may not be experts in
your sector and actually convey that
same level of excitement
um
so
vc associates one thing important to say
deeply trusted internally
and can be really really good at
really good helpful people for you
really good allies really good resources
you know if they're excited about your
company like they can they can help you
cross get across the finish line yeah
one thing that i always like to tell the
my companies that i work with is that
the associate can't necessarily get the
deal done themselves they're your
advocate but they can absolutely kill it
so if you don't make friends with your
associate or whatever associate is
working on the deal and there's always
going to be one involved doing research
if you don't make friends with them and
you don't make them your ally they can
absolutely make sure that deal does not
get done and so
it's it's super important
that even though they're not the final
check writer and they don't have the
final say they are that you really
really need to make friends if you can
yes
um okay a few other things what
broadly how do you think about
associates
and maybe i think it's helpful sometimes
to say how do associates spend time
a lot of times they're actually doing
very deep research in your sector
they're spending time with a lot of
companies in your sector you know
probably a few sectors but they're
they're doing deep research they're
finding companies they're sourcing um
they're doing diligence they're
benchmarking and so they actually have a
really good
set of knowledge around
you your company you know oftentimes
have a lot of perspective
and again have have met others in the
space as well most likely
um you know they they do tend to take
first meetings
may or may not be joined by others on
the team
they don't then analyze your metrics um
again back to the benchmarking so
they're kind of looking for specific
things um how are you relating to top
decile uh of companies in your space um
and so we'll we'll talk through like how
to think about presenting your metrics
and making sure that you're actually
talking about the metrics that matter um
you know broadly like they're kind of
quickly assessing the opportunity is
this interesting is this something my
firm's interested in um and you know do
i take it back to the team and and try
to move this forward um and so to that
point they package and present
and um i always say like
i think this is good with anyone not
just associates but anyone you're
chatting with
um what does the highlight reel you're
gonna leave them with so that they know
like oh this is the company right this
is that company i really loved and
here's why so give them that ammo and
let them take that back to their team
and just relay that message so i think a
few kind of excitement points i like to
call them
i think one of the other good things to
think about when you work with
associates is they can inform you about
what they're seeing in the market in
really powerful ways so they spend a lot
of time focused on your sector your
competitors your
ecosystem generally and they're they
often get to meet with many of your
competitors
they know a lot about what's happening
that you may or may not have access to
as a result of your day-to-day job and
so one of the things that you can do in
that meeting is after you kind of share
what you do you can start asking a lot
of questions you can be like hey what
are you seeing what's working what's not
working who's winning who's losing and
they can be this like the source of
really really deep intelligence that is
it's incredibly powerful and so i think
it's another reason why being friendly
and building that relationship is really
to your best interest is because they
can they can bring a lot of value back
even beyond just helping get the deal
done
so
i think we covered a lot of this so we
don't really have to go too deep into
this but um the one thing that that you
really want to remember in this process
is they often come in with kind of like
a checklist and they're going to be
thinking about you relative to that
ecosystem and relative to the metrics
that tiffany was talking about she's
going to walk you through some of those
in a second but like
asking them what that checklist is and
asking them what sort of like those
benchmarks look like is going to really
help you when you think about how fast
you need to grow how profitable do you
need to be what sort of retention
numbers are really critical for getting
that deal done
yeah and i think i'm actually one theme
you'll see throughout this is always ask
i think that's a good a great point like
it is a two-way street and so you know
asking what are you guys seeing for uh
for for metrics how do you think about
this space what's interesting to you
um what do you what do you focus on you
know when you make investments in this
space which we'll just give you again
give you more ammo for next meetings as
well
okay my favorite slide the metrics that
matter slide um and by you know clearly
this is not a comprehensive list of
metrics that matter because to some
extent a lot of metrics matter um
you know i'd say broadly we kind of
bucketed them of course you know people
want to know what's what's the high
level what's your top line what's your
error are at how has that been growing
and then roughly how efficiently is it
growing and i think
you know this is this has really always
been the case but especially in today's
environment you know people are spending
a lot more time focused on efficiency
and growth and how you're thinking about
that growth
you know will it be sustainable over
time
so one of my favorite metrics i'm sure
one of your favorite metrics as well is
just retention generally
and not only a lot of people focus on
net dollar retention um i think that's
super important you know you want to
prove that land and expand is working
you know that your existing customers
will grow with you um but i think gross
retention is also equally important you
know and making sure that you've really
got a product that people love and you
know you're selling into that right
customer um and so it's a balance
between those two but making sure that
making sure that you're touching on
those
you know margins in general gross margin
um
how and you know possibly it's something
that's expanding over time and if so
like telling the story around that right
where margins today where do you expect
margins to be what are the levers that
are going to drive that expansion uh
sales efficiency it's the big one
kind of also goes to you know how you're
thinking about go to market how do you
have go to market set up how are you
reporting on it um and i think even more
than you know just the actual numbers
really the logic around
right now where are you in the go to
market journey and um how do you assess
where you are so what are the metrics
that you measure how is your sales team
set up or go to market team more broadly
um and again how do you expect that to
to change over time
team size um
you know more than just the quantitative
part of this i you know they're
certainly how large is the team but
another another thing you'll get a lot
is just what are the key hires you have
to make still
you know where are you expanding um
and then to the last point you know
what's what's cash balance what's your
fundraising history been um and i think
again a lot of people right now are also
focused on burn and burn ratio um and i
like to always say one you know it's not
just about burn ratio today but again
how do you expect that to change over
time and so your burn ratio you know you
might be at two to one today but you
think that ends up going down to one and
a half next year and so i think it's
constantly about where you are but you
know painting where you're heading
what will you add zach on metrics yeah
so one thing i would like to add to this
slide that's not actually here is
we are an incredibly different capital
ecosystem than we were even six months
ago
and the information is starting to get
out but i can share a story with you if
you guys
uh are interested in that so one of my
companies sas company just like everyone
else here uh
27 millionaire are
uh 90 gross margin they'll probably end
the year at about 60 million so growing
incredibly rapidly uh 1.6 million
developers so big good company a year
ago that would easily have been a
unicorn a few months ago we went through
a fundraising process we went out to all
the bc firms hedge funds the usual
late stage check writers and a hedge
fund came in they're going to put in 50
million dollars at a 400 million dollar
post so
that a year ago would have been
incredibly cheap price but
nine months ago or nine weeks ago it was
that was the market and
a couple weeks ago we're supposed to
close so we sign the term sheet we go
all the way through the fundraising
process we've got all the docs finished
it's supposed to close on a friday on
thursday the hedge fund's like nah
it we're not going to do it we want to
do 50 on a 250 pre
companies actually beat their plan
during those eight weeks in between
signing the term sheet and closing the
deal but because the public markets have
come down so much
so rapidly the multiples that were the
comps for this company had just
collapsed and so the hedge fund is like
we're not going to do it we're not going
to do that deal and so now the term
sheet is from another fund it's going to
be coming in for 25 million instead of
50 million dollars at a significantly
lower price than we were we were eight
weeks ago and so
i i want to tell you that story because
as the venture market is changing
rapidly as a result of these multiple
contractions in the public market what
we're going to see is these metrics are
really going to matter so like when you
go in
and you're like this is my business
they're just going to look at you
relative the public market metrics that
they build their models off of and
they're going to just be like one to one
what is it what's like what's arr where
are you on retention bing bing bing bing
and then like and that model is going to
really inform where your fundraise
happens and 12 months ago you could you
could have gotten a term sheet a week
after you got you walked in that door
now it's going to be a much longer much
harder much more arduous fundraising
process more similar to what we saw
two or three years ago
certainly what we saw in 2008 2009 and
the like after the last financial crisis
like the the fundraising market is
getting harder and so like being more
buttoned up with your metrics and
knowing them and owning them is going to
be really helpful in that process yeah
yes and the one thing i will say is no
doubt we were in a different market
environment today than we were you know
six months ago
not everyone is behaving that way so you
know i would not
not expect that uh you know you're still
having
investors are still investing and
obviously it matters um you know your
company and the metrics and all that
good stuff but uh i would that is not
you know not everyone is acting in that
way so um ggb doesn't do this to the
wise yes
that's true
um
can you just mark up all my companies
like i'll just hand them to you and you
mark them up and we'll just keep doing
it and this will be really easy show us
some more companies zach
the other thing i would say i guess you
know not to go on a complete tangent on
the fundraising environment but i would
say yes we've been talking about metrics
and you know it's certainly true that
people are comparing metrics right now
and and thinking more about public
market multiples um i would also say
there's a lot of like strategic
conversations going on just in terms of
how you're thinking about managing the
business through these times
you know how are you thinking about
playing offense versus defense when do
you
when do you think about accelerating
again right like when will you know what
are the trigger points for you to put
your foot back on the gas um and so i
think like having good answers to those
questions or even just thinking through
like yourself you know how am i going
gonna manage and you know when am i
gonna maybe be a little more aggressive
um you know versus uh you know versus be
a little more cautious so um i think
those conversations are happening as
well
all right
scouts um
so
some people don't know about scouts some
people do so but just to give you a
brief sort of synopsis a scout is an
individual who has some sort of
contractual relationship with a venture
fund where the venture fund will provide
them with capital
i've seen them as small as two or three
hundred thousand dollars i've seen seen
them as large as a few million dollars
and effectively the venture fund's like
here here's a bunch of money go invest
it and uh hopefully it works so they'll
go to small angels former ceos from
their portfolio friends of the firm
generally and what they're hoping is
that that scout is out in the ecosystem
finding early stage companies putting in
a check to sort of get access to
information get on the cap table and
then they're hoping that those scouts
feed those deals back into the vc when
the vc firm leads or potentially would
lead the next round the problem that
you're going to run into is that there
is a pretty significant signaling risk
when you have a scout involved in your
company so i'll give an example let's
say the person is a scout for sequoia
and they invest in your company now
every other venture firm that looks at
this deal is going to say oh sequoia is
already in this deal sukhoi koi's
already been looking at this deal for
the last you know
six months eight months however long
it's been sequoia knows more than we do
we need to basically be really really
sure of where we are if we're going to
basically like put in a competitive term
sheet into this round or the worst
question is why is sequoia not offering
to invest in this company and so you can
often run into trouble when you have a
scout on your cap table that's known to
be a scout for the firm and so this is
where it's really important to talk to
the scout very early on and ask them
about what is the relationship with the
firm how does that work and how do you
basically like help us in that
relationship process because if i had to
choose between taking scout money versus
taking unaffiliated money i would always
take the unaffiliated money rather than
taking the unnecessary signaling risk
when you work with one of these firms
but without having them deeply involved
but the plus side of it is that those
scouts can get you in and really deeply
introduce you into the right people at
the right time and work you through that
fundraise process and as we move into a
more challenging fundraising environment
or i think we are that we certainly are
right now
that can be really powerful because
those relationships really can help you
get a deal done that wouldn't be done
otherwise so there are pluses and
minuses to scouts but just be aware it's
not perfect but it also can be um uh
you know can be great yeah and i would
say this is one too where it really does
vary
um you know so scouts work very
differently across funds um and you know
i think it's just good to develop a
relationship with the firm um you know
for for in capital in the future
all right what's next
venture partners same idea um you know
varies a lot by firm and you know i
think the biggest thing here again is
just like ask how this person is working
with their firm um you know i'd say like
a relationship and how long they've been
or how long they will be there varies um
the the great thing about venture
partners is they often come with very
deep industry experience
and so our you know whether they're
they're possibly functional experts have
built out have been very successful
operators um or very deep in a
particular industry and so this is one
where you know to zach's point earlier
around like
ask um i think like ask ask ask their
pov
um what are they seeing in the space i
mean they may even be able to introduce
you to customers uh some people in their
network
um and so this is one where you can
really again if you if you develop the
right relationship like this person can
be a huge um both ally for you in terms
of fundraising but ally for you in terms
of company building um and i'd say at
least from what i've seen like venture
partners tend to get quite involved um
and so can really help you not only at
the time of check writing but even
throughout as you as you continue
building the company um
the other thing is yes sometimes they
can be an
actual like they might be the first
person you chat with um you get an
introduced introduced to the venture
partner and they actually kind of kick
off your fundraising process or you may
not meet that person until you're
already uh it kind of you know through
the into the due diligence process um
but regardless i'd say like venture
partners are
uh are hugely helpful um and you should
think of them that way for you in
company building
yeah the best example i've seen of a
venture partner really doing a great job
is uh one of my companies uh
uh
i guess i could name it it's a company
called zeotap it's based in berlin and
uh it's a data company and so when they
went through their last fundraise
process they were talking to a number of
bc firms and the conversation that ended
up leading to the term sheet that they
took resulted from a venture partner who
had a very very very long history in the
space he knew everyone he understood
over a decade-long experience about how
to run a data business and so when the
time came to choose between the
competitive term sheets that were on the
table
his was by far the most compelling
because not only did they get a board
member who was smart and you know well
adapted and knew what they were doing
but they got a board member who had deep
relationships that lasted you know over
that that decade and that became really
really compelling and valuable for them
when they went through that fundraise
when they when they chose to basically
um accept that term sheet um and so
whenever i think about a venture partner
it's all about the expertise if they
have a deep expertise super powerful
awesome but if they don't i wouldn't
waste your time they just they're it's
going to be very challenging for them to
get a deal through a deal partnership
unless they can claim that they are
truly an expert yeah um the one thing on
the expert too is like that's a great
story and i think especially if you're
in the earliest stages
you know sometimes you want to chat with
someone
before it's a customer um and so you
know for example
the xco of a potential customer may be a
venture partner and they could give you
a really good perspective on how to sell
into that customer what that customer
cares about um you know
roadblocks in the market and so actually
kind of having those conversations um
you know before you actually go to that
customer and use that bullet there
i think is really helpful
the last one is by far my favorite
because it's how i got my start it's uh
syndicates angels and all the other
folks who basically reside around a
venture firm and um so first i'll just
talk a little bit about like what my
experience has been so when i got
started uh
i was a nobody in the business i was
just one more random ex-ceo i like to
joke that i'm a washed up entrepreneur
but i washed up on the beach that is
venture and i'm not leaving because this
life is much easier than what you guys
do for a living i spent 20 years as a
ceo and like shit's hard being a ceo
much easier doing this
but anyway so i didn't know what i was
doing i was very much a new player in
the space and i would meet these
companies that were really cool and
really interesting and all of my capital
at that point came from running my
angelus syndicate and the thing about
angellist is that the investors there
they didn't know me either and so they
weren't necessarily investing in me they
didn't really care that it was zach
coleus doing the deal what they cared
about was who was the vc fund that was
doing the deal and so what i would do is
i would find these relatively cool
companies i'd be like oh my god this is
amazing and then i call all my much
cooler vc friends i'd be like hey you
should invest in this company and i
would help them with the deck i'd help
them with the pitch i'd help them i'd
walk them into the room i'd introduce
them to a large number of my good
friends in the venture community and
then if a term sheet came out then
hopefully i would be in the position to
then invest alongside on the same terms
so i would say okay
sequoia is leading this round yay i get
to be in the deal because i brought the
deal into sequoia and i helped the
company get access to that relationship
and so what you'll find is there's a
large number of people like me out in
the ecosystem they're running around and
they want to get access to the vc firm's
deals but the only way they can get
access is if they basically bring in the
company and so they can be very much
your friend um and they can be very
valuable
but
the one thing i will warn you and it's
incredibly important you gotta do your
diligence because if you work with one
of those folks and they have a bad
reputation in the industry they can
absolutely sink sync your fundraise on
the spot because there are people in the
business who are
not trustworthy
who run around with shitty deals who
generally don't really add any value in
fact they can be a detraction and when
the vc firms see them coming into the
room whatever company they bring into
the company and whatever company they
bring into the the firm is dead on
arrival it's just not going to work and
so
one thing i would say absolutely for
that diligence is you can make sure to
ask right away
what deals have you helped which firms
have you gone into and then see if you
can figure out how to do some back
channel to figure out if is this person
a legitimate ally in this process or are
they just trying to free ride on this
fundraising process and are they going
to try to take advantage of you so
be careful here super valuable but it
kind of has some downsides
i think that brings up a good point too
i just you know one thing is honestly
company building is a very long journey
and fundraising is a very long journey
and it's you're not just raising one
round you're always raising more rounds
generally
and i think you know you think about
fundraising and closing out the current
round obviously most important but
ideally you'd also kind of set yourself
up for future rounds and so always
thinking through like how am i going to
get my next round done as well um you
know and so you can use the cap table to
your advantage in that sense
you know and always thinking like again
if you if you really protect that cap
table and figure out like who am i gonna
let in and um you know what am i gonna
use these valuable spots for uh you know
always just thinking through like
not just not just step one today but
like what are my next couple rounds and
what could they look like um i think
it's always a good way to think about it
um
so thank you for coming we appreciate
you guys being here um i know we're the
only thing standing between you and
drinks uh so um you know
we'll get upstairs
key takeaways here um
know your audience super duper super
duper important um emphasize
something that they can carry through
and so what i'd like to say and the way
i would the way i would articulate this
is imagine it's a game of telephone so
you go to the associate and you're like
this is what our company does and you
have one sentence and you describe it
now imagine that associate is going to
go tell the partner that and they maybe
aren't going to garble it and jumble it
on the way and then imagine that partner
has to tell it to another partner and
then they're going to garble it as well
so having a sound bike that easily
carries through that game of telephone
is incredibly important to getting to
the end result you want which is a firm
getting excited about what the business
does um
absolutely super duper important what do
you do in one sentence that can be
repeated and repeated over and over and
over again and everyone is going to
remember
yes focus on the metrics that matter we
talked about this one um i think even
more than than just the metrics like
it's it's to zach's point it's it's
really the storytelling in general um
and you know having something that that
person can relay and get excited about
right and your excitement comes through
so if you're excited which of course you
are because it's your company that
you're building um you know you're
trying to figure out like how do i relay
that excitement to the to the person
across from me
um and also you know i think the two
two-way street we've mentioned and it's
definitely a theme like it is a
relationship building process and to my
point too like you know a lot of firms
are multi-stage now and you know maybe
um for whatever reason it doesn't work
out in this particular round but like
always think about whoever you're
chatting with is a great opportunity to
build a relationship and you never know
if that person can help you with
introductions or customer introductions
hires um you know market feedback or
potentially invest down the road and so
you know always just making sure you ask
though because i think um that's the
easiest way like let us know how we can
help you um because often you know we
want to and it is a long relationship so
okay
greg
yes
let's get that mic
thank you this is super helpful by the
way when you're when you're working with
multiple investors how and you're
working with all these individual
players across
them how important is it to you from
your perspective to facilitate
relationships have them collaborate
across each other at least be
comfortable working together uh
important not important
yeah that's a great question
you know often oftentimes i think
best companies do connect their cap
tables reality is oftentimes the cap
table is connected anyway um you know
it's a small world and a lot of
investors know each other and um you
know a lot of the players we talked
about know each other and so um you know
i think to the extent that they don't
connecting them is helpful right because
you can also so you're telling someone
the investor why you're excited but
another investor can also share how they
were excited right and how they're how
they're thinking about the opportunity
and you know maybe they're deep sector
experts and this is why they picked your
company um and so i think again just
like the more reinforcement you have
around like the why um really really
helps what you would add there yeah one
of the things that you'll often find
between different participants in the
ecosystem is that we have to play a long
game with each other so like we're going
to be
interacting around multiple deals for
potentially decades and so i actually
can't lie to tiffany tiffany can ask me
she can be like hey is this company
doing well and if it's doing poorly i'm
like no it's actually doing pretty
poorly because if i tell her that my
company is doing great and it actually
is doing poorly she's going to lose
trust in me and that trust is incredibly
valuable in this ecosystem because a lot
of these deals are built on trust at the
very core and things move very rapidly
because everyone trusts each other and
so you'll often find that like the back
channel that happens behind the scenes
where different investors and different
angels and different participants in
your cap table talk to the next round
investors is just as important as what
you say when you're at the front of the
table talking to them about your company
um and so you always need to be very
careful about and then one thing that
you can do is you can go to your angels
and be like hey i'm getting ready to
raise around when somebody calls you and
they ask you how i'm doing what are you
gonna say and let's talk about that and
let's make sure that we're all on the
same page and that you understand kind
of how that's all going to play out
because it can be very very powerful in
the in the process yeah and one good way
to do this is like incredible investor
updates um you know some people are
amazing about sending out investor
updates especially if you have so many
people on your cap table you're
obviously not going to you know call all
of them and give them an individual
update every time but a powerful
investor update is really helpful arms
whoever's you know chatting with the
next person about um you know what your
company is doing what you're up to and
again it has like all the highlights in
there for the real
yeah investor updates actually there's
this weird thing that i've seen is that
my best companies always have the best
investor updates and my worst companies
always have the worst updates i don't
know what it is but it always seems to
work out to be true um it i would i
would uh definitely agree with that yeah
any more questions
yeah
thanks it's really good and do the
associates also have a role after the
deal is closed
yeah because of that knowledge
yes absolutely um and again like they
can be great advocates for you not only
getting you through the deal process um
but everything post as well and again it
varies by firm right and um
you know some will actually
meet with you weekly or monthly and but
again it's kind of like ask them what
you need you know do you need
benchmarking what are what is the margin
profile of other companies in your space
um you know what does go to market look
like in other characters how do you
think about hiring what is the vp of
people search looking like right now
like all of those questions would be
great you know for anyone working on it
whether it's it's the associate you know
there might be others on the deal team
as well um you know for example ggb we
have a platform services team that also
comes in and helps you and so really
like you know to all of those people ask
how you need help because it'll just be
easiest for them to direct their focus
that way yeah one thing one thing you'll
often find is that the general partner
is incredibly busy so
i mean between sitting on boards and
dealing with lps and interacting with
the other partners like they just can
barely keep up with their day-to-day
whereas the associates often have more
bandwidth and so for firm resources
introductions potential customers
introduction to other portfolio
companies
ways to utilize what the firm can do for
you the associate can often be your best
resource and so making friends with them
is in your best interest like no really
because they they can spend their time
however they want and they often aren't
incentivized to like spend time on you
the company
any more than any other company but like
you know you send them a lot of wine
after the deal gets done you take them
out to dinner you build a relationship
you you show that you you know you that
you're a good friend to them you provide
value to them maybe you introduce them
to some other cool companies suddenly
you'll find you can have this very
powerful team member who can help you
build your business
any more
awesome thank you for coming we
appreciate it well yeah great to see you
[Music]
you